---
subcategory: "Ingest"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_set_security_user Data Source"
description: |-
  Helper data source to create a processor which sets user-related details from the current authenticated user to the current document by pre-processing the ingest. 
---

# Data Source: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_set_security_user

Sets user-related details (such as `username`, `roles`, `email`, `full_name`, `metadata`, `api_key`, `realm` and `authentication_typ`e) from the current authenticated user to the current document by pre-processing the ingest. The `api_key` property exists only if the user authenticates with an API key. It is an object containing the id, name and metadata (if it exists and is non-empty) fields of the API key. The realm property is also an object with two fields, name and type. When using API key authentication, the realm property refers to the realm from which the API key is created. The `authentication_type property` is a string that can take value from `REALM`, `API_KEY`, `TOKEN` and `ANONYMOUS`.

See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/ingest-node-set-security-user-processor.html


## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_set_security_user" "user" {
  field      = "user"
  properties = ["username", "realm"]
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_pipeline" "my_ingest_pipeline" {
  name = "user-ingest"

  processors = [
    data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_set_security_user.user.json
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `field` (String) The field to store the user information into.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the processor.
- `if` (String) Conditionally execute the processor
- `ignore_failure` (Boolean) Ignore failures for the processor.
- `on_failure` (List of String) Handle failures for the processor.
- `properties` (Set of String) Controls what user related properties are added to the `field`.
- `tag` (String) Identifier for the processor.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource.
- `json` (String) JSON representation of this data source.
