---
subcategory: "Enrich"
page_title: "elasticstack_elasticsearch_enrich_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
description: |-
  Returns information about an enrich policy. See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/get-enrich-policy-api.html
---

# Data Source: elasticstack_elasticsearch_enrich_policy

Returns information about an enrich policy. See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/get-enrich-policy-api.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_security_role_mapping" "mapping" {
  name = "my_mapping"
}

output "user" {
  value = data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_security_role_mapping.mapping.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the policy.

### Optional

- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List, Max: 1, Deprecated) Elasticsearch connection configuration block. This property will be removed in a future provider version. Configure the Elasticsearch connection via the provider configuration instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))

### Read-Only

- `enrich_fields` (Set of String) Fields to add to matching incoming documents. These fields must be present in the source indices.
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `indices` (Set of String) Array of one or more source indices used to create the enrich index.
- `match_field` (String) Field in source indices used to match incoming documents.
- `policy_type` (String) The type of enrich policy, can be one of geo_match, match, range.
- `query` (String) Query used to filter documents in the enrich index. The policy only uses documents matching this query to enrich incoming documents. Defaults to a match_all query.

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `cert_data` (String) PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `cert_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `key_data` (String, Sensitive) PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `key_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
