---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ml_trained_model Data Source - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Ml"
description: |-
  Retrieves an Elasticsearch ML trained model. See, https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/get-trained-models.html
---

# elasticstack_elasticsearch_ml_trained_model (Data Source)

Retrieves an Elasticsearch ML trained model. See, https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/get-trained-models.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ml_trained_model" "example" {
  model_id = "lang_ident_model_current"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `model_id` (String) The identifier for the trained model.

### Optional

- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List) Elasticsearch connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) The time when the trained model was created.
- `created_by` (String) Information on the creator of the trained model.
- `default_field_map` (Map of String) Any field map described in the inference configuration takes precedence.
- `description` (String) The free-text description of the trained model.
- `fully_defined` (Boolean) True if the full model definition is present.
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `inference_config_json` (String) JSON string of the default inference configuration.
- `input_json` (String) JSON string of the model input field names.
- `license_level` (String) The license level of the trained model.
- `metadata_json` (String) JSON string of the model metadata.
- `model_size_bytes` (Number) The estimated memory usage in bytes to keep the trained model in memory.
- `model_type` (String) The model type.
- `platform_architecture` (String) The platform identifier (e.g. linux-x86_64).
- `tags` (Set of String) A set of tags for the trained model.
- `version` (String) The Elasticsearch version number in which the trained model was created.

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `cert_data` (String) PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `cert_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `es_client_authentication` (String, Sensitive) ES Client Authentication field to be used with the JWT token
- `headers` (Map of String, Sensitive) A list of headers to be sent with each request to Elasticsearch.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `key_data` (String, Sensitive) PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `key_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
