---
subcategory: "Ingest"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_convert Data Source"
description: |-
  Helper data source to create a processor which converts a field in the currently ingested document to a different type, such as converting a string to an integer. 
---

# Data Source: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_convert

Helper data source to which can be used to convert a field in the currently ingested document to a different type, such as converting a string to an integer. If the field value is an array, all members will be converted.

The supported types include: `integer`, `long`, `float`, `double`, `string`, `boolean`, `ip`, and `auto`.

Specifying `boolean` will set the field to true if its string value is equal to true (ignore case), to false if its string value is equal to false (ignore case), or it will throw an exception otherwise.

Specifying `ip` will set the target field to the value of `field` if it contains a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address that can be indexed into an IP field type.

Specifying `auto` will attempt to convert the string-valued `field` into the closest non-string, non-IP type. For example, a field whose value is "true" will be converted to its respective boolean type: true. Do note that float takes precedence of double in auto. A value of "242.15" will "automatically" be converted to 242.15 of type `float`. If a provided field cannot be appropriately converted, the processor will still process successfully and leave the field value as-is. In such a case, `target_field` will be updated with the unconverted field value.

See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/convert-processor.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_convert" "convert" {
  description = "converts the content of the id field to an integer"
  field       = "id"
  type        = "integer"
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_pipeline" "my_ingest_pipeline" {
  name = "convert-ingest"

  processors = [
    data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_convert.convert.json
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `field` (String) The field whose value is to be converted.
- `type` (String) The type to convert the existing value to

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the processor.
- `if` (String) Conditionally execute the processor
- `ignore_failure` (Boolean) Ignore failures for the processor.
- `ignore_missing` (Boolean) If `true` and `field` does not exist or is `null`, the processor quietly exits without modifying the document.
- `on_failure` (List of String) Handle failures for the processor.
- `tag` (String) Identifier for the processor.
- `target_field` (String) The field to assign the converted value to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `json` (String) JSON representation of this data source.

