---
subcategory: "Ingest"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_json Data Source"
description: |-
  Helper data source to create a processor which converts a JSON string into a structured JSON object.
---

# Data Source: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_json

Converts a JSON string into a structured JSON object.

See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/json-processor.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_json" "json_proc" {
  field        = "string_source"
  target_field = "json_target"
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_pipeline" "my_ingest_pipeline" {
  name = "json-ingest"

  processors = [
    data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_json.json_proc.json
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `field` (String) The field to be parsed.

### Optional

- `add_to_root` (Boolean) Flag that forces the parsed JSON to be added at the top level of the document. `target_field` must not be set when this option is chosen.
- `add_to_root_conflict_strategy` (String) When set to `replace`, root fields that conflict with fields from the parsed JSON will be overridden. When set to `merge`, conflicting fields will be merged. Only applicable if `add_to_root` is set to `true`.
- `allow_duplicate_keys` (Boolean) When set to `true`, the JSON parser will not fail if the JSON contains duplicate keys. Instead, the last encountered value for any duplicate key wins.
- `description` (String) Description of the processor.
- `if` (String) Conditionally execute the processor
- `ignore_failure` (Boolean) Ignore failures for the processor.
- `on_failure` (List of String) Handle failures for the processor.
- `tag` (String) Identifier for the processor.
- `target_field` (String) The field that the converted structured object will be written into. Any existing content in this field will be overwritten.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource.
- `json` (String) JSON representation of this data source.
