---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_elasticsearch_info Data Source - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Elasticsearch"
description: |-
  Gets information about the Elastic cluster.
---

# elasticstack_elasticsearch_info (Data Source)

Gets information about the Elastic cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_info" "cluster_info" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List) Elasticsearch connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))

### Read-Only

- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster, based on the `cluster.name` setting.
- `cluster_uuid` (String) Unique identifier for the cluster.
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the node.
- `tagline` (String) Elasticsearch tag line.
- `version` (Attributes List) Contains version information for the Elasticsearch cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version))

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `cert_data` (String) PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `cert_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `es_client_authentication` (String, Sensitive) ES Client Authentication field to be used with the JWT token
- `headers` (Map of String, Sensitive) A list of headers to be sent with each request to Elasticsearch.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `key_data` (String, Sensitive) PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `key_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.


<a id="nestedatt--version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version`

Read-Only:

- `build_date` (String) Build date.
- `build_flavor` (String) Build Flavor.
- `build_hash` (String) Short hash of the last git commit in this release.
- `build_snapshot` (Boolean) Build Snapshot.
- `build_type` (String) Build Type.
- `lucene_version` (String) Lucene Version.
- `minimum_index_compatibility_version` (String) Minimum index compatibility version.
- `minimum_wire_compatibility_version` (String) Minimum wire compatibility version.
- `number` (String) Elasticsearch version number.
