---
subcategory: "Index"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_index_template Data Source"
description: |-
  Retrieves index template.
---

# Data Source: elasticstack_elasticsearch_index_template

Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Elasticsearch index templates. See, https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/indices-get-template.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_index_template" "ilm-history-7" {
  name = "ilm-history-7"
}

output "template" {
  value = data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_index_template.ilm-history-7
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the index template.

### Optional

- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List, Max: 1, Deprecated) Elasticsearch connection configuration block. This property will be removed in a future provider version. Configure the Elasticsearch connection via the provider configuration instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))

### Read-Only

- `composed_of` (List of String) An ordered list of component template names.
- `data_stream` (List of Object) If this object is included, the template is used to create data streams and their backing indices. Supports an empty object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_stream))
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `index_patterns` (Set of String) Array of wildcard (*) expressions used to match the names of data streams and indices during creation.
- `metadata` (String) Optional user metadata about the index template.
- `priority` (Number) Priority to determine index template precedence when a new data stream or index is created.
- `template` (List of Object) Template to be applied. It may optionally include an aliases, mappings, lifecycle, or settings configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template))
- `version` (Number) Version number used to manage index templates externally.

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `cert_data` (String) PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `cert_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `es_client_authentication` (String, Sensitive) ES Client Authentication field to be used with the bearer token
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `key_data` (String, Sensitive) PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `key_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.


<a id="nestedatt--data_stream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_stream`

Read-Only:

- `allow_custom_routing` (Boolean)
- `hidden` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--template--alias))
- `lifecycle` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--template--lifecycle))
- `mappings` (String)
- `settings` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--template--alias"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.alias`

Read-Only:

- `filter` (String)
- `index_routing` (String)
- `is_hidden` (Boolean)
- `is_write_index` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `routing` (String)
- `search_routing` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--template--lifecycle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.lifecycle`

Read-Only:

- `data_retention` (String)
