---
subcategory: "Security"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_security_role_mapping Data Source"
description: |-
  Retrieves role mappings.
---

# Data Source: elasticstack_elasticsearch_security_role_mapping

Retrieves role mappings. See, https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/security-api-get-role-mapping.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_security_role_mapping" "mapping" {
  name = "my_mapping"
}

output "user" {
  value = data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_security_role_mapping.mapping.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The distinct name that identifies the role mapping, used solely as an identifier.

### Optional

- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to establish connection to Elasticsearch server. Overrides environment variables if present. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) Mappings that have `enabled` set to `false` are ignored when role mapping is performed.
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `metadata` (String) Additional metadata that helps define which roles are assigned to each user. Keys beginning with `_` are reserved for system usage.
- `role_templates` (String) A list of mustache templates that will be evaluated to determine the roles names that should granted to the users that match the role mapping rules.
- `roles` (Set of String) A list of role names that are granted to the users that match the role mapping rules.
- `rules` (String) The rules that determine which users should be matched by the mapping. A rule is a logical condition that is expressed by using a JSON DSL.

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints the Terraform provider will point to. They must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) A password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) A username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
