---
subcategory: "Ingest"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_csv Data Source"
description: |-
  Helper data source to create a processor which extracts fields from CSV line out of a single text field within a document.
---

# Data Source: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_csv

Helper data source to which can be used to extract fields from CSV line out of a single text field within a document. Any empty field in CSV will be skipped.

See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/csv-processor.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_csv" "csv" {
  field         = "my_field"
  target_fields = ["field1", "field2"]
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_pipeline" "my_ingest_pipeline" {
  name = "csv-ingest"

  processors = [
    data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_csv.csv.json
  ]
}
```

If the `trim` option is enabled then any whitespace in the beginning and in the end of each unquoted field will be trimmed. For example with configuration above, a value of A, B will result in field field2 having value {nbsp}B (with space at the beginning). If trim is enabled A, B will result in field field2 having value B (no whitespace). Quoted fields will be left untouched.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `field` (String) The field to extract data from.
- `target_fields` (List of String) The array of fields to assign extracted values to.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the processor.
- `empty_value` (String) Value used to fill empty fields, empty fields will be skipped if this is not provided.
- `if` (String) Conditionally execute the processor
- `ignore_failure` (Boolean) Ignore failures for the processor.
- `ignore_missing` (Boolean) If `true` and `field` does not exist or is `null`, the processor quietly exits without modifying the document.
- `on_failure` (List of String) Handle failures for the processor.
- `quote` (String) Quote used in CSV, has to be single character string
- `separator` (String) Separator used in CSV, has to be single character string.
- `tag` (String) Identifier for the processor.
- `trim` (Boolean) Trim whitespaces in unquoted fields.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `json` (String) JSON representation of this data source.

