---
subcategory: "Ingest"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_grok Data Source"
description: |-
  Helper data source to create a processor which extracts structured fields out of a single text field within a document.
---

# Data Source: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_grok

Extracts structured fields out of a single text field within a document. You choose which field to extract matched fields from, as well as the grok pattern you expect will match. A grok pattern is like a regular expression that supports aliased expressions that can be reused.

This processor comes packaged with many [reusable patterns](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/libs/grok/src/main/resources/patterns).

If you need help building patterns to match your logs, you will find the [Grok Debugger](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/xpack-grokdebugger.html) tool quite useful! [The Grok Constructor](https://grokconstructor.appspot.com/) is also a useful tool.


See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/grok-processor.html


## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_grok" "grok" {
  field    = "message"
  patterns = ["%%{FAVORITE_DOG:pet}", "%%{FAVORITE_CAT:pet}"]
  pattern_definitions = {
    FAVORITE_DOG = "beagle"
    FAVORITE_CAT = "burmese"
  }
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_pipeline" "my_ingest_pipeline" {
  name = "grok-ingest"

  processors = [
    data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_grok.grok.json
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `field` (String) The field to use for grok expression parsing
- `patterns` (List of String) An ordered list of grok expression to match and extract named captures with. Returns on the first expression in the list that matches.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the processor.
- `ecs_compatibility` (String) Must be disabled or v1. If v1, the processor uses patterns with Elastic Common Schema (ECS) field names. **NOTE:** Supported only starting from version of Elasticsearch **7.16.x**.
- `if` (String) Conditionally execute the processor
- `ignore_failure` (Boolean) Ignore failures for the processor.
- `ignore_missing` (Boolean) If `true` and `field` does not exist or is `null`, the processor quietly exits without modifying the document
- `on_failure` (List of String) Handle failures for the processor.
- `pattern_definitions` (Map of String) A map of pattern-name and pattern tuples defining custom patterns to be used by the current processor. Patterns matching existing names will override the pre-existing definition.
- `tag` (String) Identifier for the processor.
- `trace_match` (Boolean) when true, `_ingest._grok_match_index` will be inserted into your matched document’s metadata with the index into the pattern found in `patterns` that matched.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `json` (String) JSON representation of this data source.
