
---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_elasticsearch_security_user Data Source - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Get the information about the user in the ES cluster. See, https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/security-api-get-user.html
---

# elasticstack_elasticsearch_security_user (Data Source)

Get the information about the user in the ES cluster. See, https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/security-api-get-user.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_security_user" "user" {
  username = "elastic"
}

output "user" {
  value = data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_security_user.user
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `username` (String) An identifier for the user

### Optional

- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List, Max: 1, Deprecated) Elasticsearch connection configuration block. This property will be removed in a future provider version. Configure the Elasticsearch connection via the provider configuration instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))

### Read-Only

- `email` (String) The email of the user.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the user is enabled. The default value is true.
- `full_name` (String) The full name of the user.
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `metadata` (String) Arbitrary metadata that you want to associate with the user.
- `roles` (Set of String) A set of roles the user has. The roles determine the user’s access permissions. Default is [].

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `cert_data` (String) PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `cert_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `es_client_authentication` (String, Sensitive) ES Client Authentication field to be used with the JWT token
- `headers` (Map of String, Sensitive) A list of headers to be sent with each request to Elasticsearch.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `key_data` (String, Sensitive) PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `key_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
