---
subcategory: "Ingest"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_kv Data Source"
description: |-
  Helper data source to create a processor which helps automatically parse messages (or specific event fields) which are of the `foo=bar` variety.
---

# Data Source: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_kv

This processor helps automatically parse messages (or specific event fields) which are of the `foo=bar` variety.

See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/kv-processor.html


## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_kv" "kv" {
  field       = "message"
  field_split = " "
  value_split = "="

  exclude_keys = ["tags"]
  prefix       = "setting_"
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_pipeline" "my_ingest_pipeline" {
  name = "kv-ingest"

  processors = [
    data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_kv.kv.json
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `field` (String) The field to be parsed. Supports template snippets.
- `field_split` (String) Regex pattern to use for splitting key-value pairs.
- `value_split` (String) Regex pattern to use for splitting the key from the value within a key-value pair.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the processor.
- `exclude_keys` (Set of String) List of keys to exclude from document
- `if` (String) Conditionally execute the processor
- `ignore_failure` (Boolean) Ignore failures for the processor.
- `ignore_missing` (Boolean) If `true` and `field` does not exist or is `null`, the processor quietly exits without modifying the document.
- `include_keys` (Set of String) List of keys to filter and insert into document. Defaults to including all keys
- `on_failure` (List of String) Handle failures for the processor.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix to be added to extracted keys.
- `strip_brackets` (Boolean) If `true` strip brackets `()`, `<>`, `[]` as well as quotes `'` and `"` from extracted values.
- `tag` (String) Identifier for the processor.
- `target_field` (String) The field to insert the extracted keys into. Defaults to the root of the document.
- `trim_key` (String) String of characters to trim from extracted keys.
- `trim_value` (String) String of characters to trim from extracted values.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `json` (String) JSON representation of this data source.
