---
subcategory: "Ingest"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_community_id Data Source"
description: |-
  Helper data source to create a processor which computes the Community ID for network flow data as defined in the Community ID Specification.  
---

# Data Source: elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_community_id

Helper data source to which can be used to create a processor to compute the Community ID for network flow data as defined in the [Community ID Specification](https://github.com/corelight/community-id-spec). 
You can use a community ID to correlate network events related to a single flow.

The community ID processor reads network flow data from related [Elastic Common Schema (ECS)](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/1.12) fields by default. If you use the ECS, no configuration is required.

See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/community-id-processor.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

data "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_community_id" "community" {}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_pipeline" "my_ingest_pipeline" {
  name = "community-ingest"

  processors = [
    data.elasticstack_elasticsearch_ingest_processor_community_id.community.json
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the processor.
- `destination_ip` (String) Field containing the destination IP address.
- `destination_port` (Number) Field containing the destination port.
- `iana_number` (Number) Field containing the IANA number.
- `icmp_code` (Number) Field containing the ICMP code.
- `icmp_type` (Number) Field containing the ICMP type.
- `if` (String) Conditionally execute the processor
- `ignore_failure` (Boolean) Ignore failures for the processor.
- `ignore_missing` (Boolean) If `true` and `field` does not exist or is `null`, the processor quietly exits without modifying the document.
- `on_failure` (List of String) Handle failures for the processor.
- `seed` (Number) Seed for the community ID hash. Must be between 0 and 65535 (inclusive). The seed can prevent hash collisions between network domains, such as a staging and production network that use the same addressing scheme.
- `source_ip` (String) Field containing the source IP address.
- `source_port` (Number) Field containing the source port.
- `tag` (String) Identifier for the processor.
- `target_field` (String) Output field for the community ID.
- `transport` (String) Field containing the transport protocol. Used only when the `iana_number` field is not present.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `json` (String) JSON representation of this data source.

