---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_fleet_integration Data Source - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Fleet"
description: |-
  This data source provides information about a Fleet integration package. Currently,
  the data source will retrieve the latest available version of the package. Version
  selection is determined by the Fleet API, which is currently based on semantic
  versioning.
  By default, the highest GA release version will be selected. If a
  package is not GA (the version is below 1.0.0) or if a new non-GA version of the
  package is to be selected (i.e., the GA version of the package is 1.5.0, but there's
  a new 1.5.1-beta version available), then the prerelease parameter in the plan
  should be set to true.
---

# elasticstack_fleet_integration (Data Source)

This data source provides information about a Fleet integration package. Currently,
the data source will retrieve the latest available version of the package. Version
selection is determined by the Fleet API, which is currently based on semantic
versioning.

By default, the highest GA release version will be selected. If a
package is not GA (the version is below 1.0.0) or if a new non-GA version of the
package is to be selected (i.e., the GA version of the package is 1.5.0, but there's
a new 1.5.1-beta version available), then the `prerelease` parameter in the plan
should be set to `true`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  kibana {}
}

data "elasticstack_fleet_integration" "test" {
  name = "tcp"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The integration package name.

### Optional

- `kibana_connection` (Block List) Kibana connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kibana_connection))
- `prerelease` (Boolean) Include prerelease packages.
- `space_id` (String) The Kibana space ID to scope the request to. When not specified, the default space is used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `version` (String) The integration package version.

<a id="nestedblock--kibana_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Kibana
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Kibana
- `ca_certs` (List of String) A list of paths to CA certificates to validate the certificate presented by the Kibana server.
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A comma-separated list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Kibana.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Kibana.
