---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_fleet_output Data Source - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Fleet"
description: |-
  Returns information about a Fleet output. See the Fleet output API documentation https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/v9/group/endpoint-fleet-outputs for more details.
---

# elasticstack_fleet_output (Data Source)

Returns information about a Fleet output. See the [Fleet output API documentation](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/v9/group/endpoint-fleet-outputs) for more details.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `kibana_connection` (Block List) Kibana connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kibana_connection))
- `space_id` (String) The Kibana space ID where this output is available.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Generated ID for the outputs.
- `outputs` (Attributes List) The list of outputs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outputs))

<a id="nestedblock--kibana_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Kibana
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Kibana
- `ca_certs` (List of String) A list of paths to CA certificates to validate the certificate presented by the Kibana server.
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A comma-separated list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Kibana.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Kibana.


<a id="nestedatt--outputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outputs`

Read-Only:

- `ca_sha256` (String) Fingerprint of the Elasticsearch CA certificate.
- `ca_trusted_fingerprint` (String) Fingerprint of trusted CA.
- `config_yaml` (String, Sensitive) Advanced YAML configuration.
- `default_integrations` (Boolean) This output is the default for agent integrations.
- `default_monitoring` (Boolean) This output is the default for agent monitoring.
- `hosts` (List of String) A list of hosts.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the output.
- `name` (String) The name of the output.
- `type` (String) The output type.
