---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_kibana_action_connector Data Source - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Kibana"
description: |-
  Search for a connector by name, space id, and type. Note, that this data source will fail if more than one connector shares the same name.
---

# elasticstack_kibana_action_connector (Data Source)

Search for a connector by name, space id, and type. Note, that this data source will fail if more than one connector shares the same name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
  kibana {}
}

data "elasticstack_kibana_action_connector" "example" {
  name              = "myslackconnector"
  space_id          = "default"
  connector_type_id = ".slack"
}

output "connector_id" {
  value = data.elasticstack_kibana_action_connector.example.connector_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the connector. While this name does not have to be unique, a distinctive name can help you identify a connector.

### Optional

- `connector_type_id` (String) The ID of the connector type, e.g. `.index`.
- `kibana_connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Kibana connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kibana_connection))
- `space_id` (String) An identifier for the space. If space_id is not provided, the default space is used.

### Read-Only

- `config` (String) The configuration for the connector. Configuration properties vary depending on the connector type.
- `connector_id` (String) A UUID v1 or v4 randomly generated ID.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_deprecated` (Boolean) Indicates whether the connector type is deprecated.
- `is_missing_secrets` (Boolean) Indicates whether secrets are missing for the connector.
- `is_preconfigured` (Boolean) Indicates whether it is a preconfigured connector.

<a id="nestedblock--kibana_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Kibana
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Kibana
- `ca_certs` (List of String) A list of paths to CA certificates to validate the certificate presented by the Kibana server.
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A comma-separated list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Kibana.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Kibana.
