---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_kibana_export_saved_objects Data Source - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Kibana"
description: |-
  Export Kibana saved objects. This data source allows you to export saved objects from Kibana and store the result in the Terraform state.
---

# elasticstack_kibana_export_saved_objects (Data Source)

Export Kibana saved objects. This data source allows you to export saved objects from Kibana and store the result in the Terraform state.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
  kibana {}
}

data "elasticstack_kibana_export_saved_objects" "example" {
  exclude_export_details  = true
  include_references_deep = true
  objects = [
    {
      type = "dashboard",
      id   = "7c5f07ee-7e41-4d50-ae1f-dfe54cc87209"
    }
  ]
}

output "saved_objects" {
  value = data.elasticstack_kibana_export_saved_objects.example.exported_objects
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `objects` (Attributes List) List of objects to export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--objects))

### Optional

- `exclude_export_details` (Boolean) Do not add export details. Defaults to true.
- `include_references_deep` (Boolean) Include references to other saved objects recursively. Defaults to true.
- `kibana_connection` (Block List) Kibana connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kibana_connection))
- `space_id` (String) An identifier for the space. If space_id is not provided, the default space is used.

### Read-Only

- `exported_objects` (String) The exported objects in NDJSON format.
- `id` (String) Generated ID for the export.

<a id="nestedatt--objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `objects`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the saved object.
- `type` (String) The type of the saved object.


<a id="nestedblock--kibana_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Kibana
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Kibana
- `ca_certs` (List of String) A list of paths to CA certificates to validate the certificate presented by the Kibana server.
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A comma-separated list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Kibana.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Kibana.
