---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_kibana_security_role Data Source - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Kibana"
description: |-
  Retrieve a specific role. See the role management API documentation https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/role-management-specific-api-get.html for more details.
---

# elasticstack_kibana_security_role (Data Source)

Retrieve a specific role. See the [role management API documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/role-management-specific-api-get.html) for more details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
  kibana {}
}

data "elasticstack_kibana_security_role" "example" {
  name = "sample_role"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for the role.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description for the role
- `kibana_connection` (Block List) Kibana connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kibana_connection))
- `metadata` (String) Optional meta-data.

### Read-Only

- `elasticsearch` (Attributes) Elasticsearch cluster and index privileges. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--elasticsearch))
- `kibana` (Attributes Set) The list of objects that specify the Kibana privileges for the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kibana))

<a id="nestedblock--kibana_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Kibana
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Kibana
- `ca_certs` (List of String) A list of paths to CA certificates to validate the certificate presented by the Kibana server.
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A comma-separated list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Kibana.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Kibana.


<a id="nestedatt--elasticsearch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch`

Read-Only:

- `cluster` (Set of String) List of the cluster privileges.
- `indices` (Attributes Set) A list of indices permissions entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--elasticsearch--indices))
- `remote_indices` (Attributes Set) A list of remote indices permissions entries. Remote indices are effective for remote clusters configured with the API key based model. They have no effect for remote clusters configured with the certificate based model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--elasticsearch--remote_indices))
- `run_as` (Set of String) A list of usernames the owners of this role can impersonate.

<a id="nestedatt--elasticsearch--indices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch.indices`

Read-Only:

- `field_security` (Attributes) The document fields that the owners of the role have read access to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--elasticsearch--indices--field_security))
- `names` (Set of String) A list of indices (or index name patterns) to which the permissions in this entry apply.
- `privileges` (Set of String) The index level privileges that the owners of the role have on the specified indices.
- `query` (String) A search query that defines the documents the owners of the role have read access to.

<a id="nestedatt--elasticsearch--indices--field_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch.indices.field_security`

Read-Only:

- `except` (Set of String) List of the fields to which the grants will not be applied.
- `grant` (Set of String) List of the fields to grant the access to.



<a id="nestedatt--elasticsearch--remote_indices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch.remote_indices`

Read-Only:

- `clusters` (Set of String) A list of cluster aliases to which the permissions in this entry apply.
- `field_security` (Attributes) The document fields that the owners of the role have read access to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--elasticsearch--remote_indices--field_security))
- `names` (Set of String) A list of indices (or index name patterns) to which the permissions in this entry apply.
- `privileges` (Set of String) The index level privileges that the owners of the role have on the specified indices.
- `query` (String) A search query that defines the documents the owners of the role have read access to.

<a id="nestedatt--elasticsearch--remote_indices--field_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch.remote_indices.field_security`

Read-Only:

- `except` (Set of String) List of the fields to which the grants will not be applied.
- `grant` (Set of String) List of the fields to grant the access to.




<a id="nestedatt--kibana"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana`

Read-Only:

- `base` (Set of String) A base privilege. When specified, the base must be ["all"] or ["read"].
- `feature` (Attributes Set) List of privileges for specific features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kibana--feature))
- `spaces` (Set of String) The spaces to apply the privileges to. To grant access to all spaces, set to ["*"], or omit the value.

<a id="nestedatt--kibana--feature"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana.feature`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Feature name.
- `privileges` (Set of String) Feature privileges.
