---
subcategory: "Watcher"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_watcher_watch Resource"
description: |-
  Adds and manages a Watch.
---

# Resource: elasticstack_elasticsearch_watcher_watch

Adds and manages a Watch. See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/watcher-api.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_watcher_watch" "example" {
  watch_id = "test_watch"
  active   = true

  body = jsonencode({
    "trigger" = {
      "schedule" = {
        "daily" = {
          "at" = "noon"
        }
      }
    },
  })
}

output "watch" {
  value = elasticstack_elasticsearch_watcher_watch.example.watch_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `body` (String) Configuration for the pipeline.
- `watch_id` (String) Identifier for the watch.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Defines whether the watch is active or inactive by default. The default value is true, which means the watch is active by default.
- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List, Max: 1, Deprecated) Elasticsearch connection configuration block. This property will be removed in a future provider version. Configure the Elasticsearch connection via the provider configuration instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `cert_data` (String) PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `cert_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `key_data` (String, Sensitive) PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `key_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import elasticstack_elasticsearch_watcher_watch.watch_id <cluster_uuid>/<watch ID>
```
