---
subcategory: "Cluster"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_cluster_settings Resource"
description: |-
  Updates cluster-wide settings.
---

# Resource: elasticstack_elasticsearch_cluster_settings

Updates cluster-wide settings. If the Elasticsearch security features are enabled, you must have the manage cluster privilege to use this API. See, https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/cluster-update-settings.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_cluster_settings" "my_cluster_settings" {
  persistent {
    setting {
      name  = "indices.lifecycle.poll_interval"
      value = "10m"
    }
    setting {
      name  = "indices.recovery.max_bytes_per_sec"
      value = "50mb"
    }
    setting {
      name  = "indices.breaker.total.limit"
      value = "65%"
    }
    setting {
      name       = "xpack.security.audit.logfile.events.include"
      value_list = ["ACCESS_DENIED", "ACCESS_GRANTED"]
    }
  }

  transient {
    setting {
      name  = "indices.breaker.total.limit"
      value = "60%"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to establish connection to Elasticsearch server. Overrides environment variables if present. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))
- `persistent` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings will apply across restarts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--persistent))
- `transient` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings do not survive a full cluster restart. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--transient))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints the Terraform provider will point to. They must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) A password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) A username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.


<a id="nestedblock--persistent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistent`

Required:

- `setting` (Block Set, Min: 1) Defines the setting in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--persistent--setting))

<a id="nestedblock--persistent--setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistent.setting`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the setting to set and track.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the setting to set and track.
- `value_list` (List of String) The list of values to be set for the key, where the list is required.



<a id="nestedblock--transient"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transient`

Required:

- `setting` (Block Set, Min: 1) Defines the setting in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--transient--setting))

<a id="nestedblock--transient--setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transient.setting`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the setting to set and track.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the setting to set and track.
- `value_list` (List of String) The list of values to be set for the key, where the list is required.
