---
subcategory: "Index"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_elasticsearch_data_stream Resource"
description: |-
  Manages Elasticsearch Data Streams
---

# Resource: elasticstack_elasticsearch_data_stream

Manages data streams. This resource can create, delete and show the information about the created data stream. See: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/data-stream-apis.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

// Create an ILM policy for our data stream
resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_index_lifecycle" "my_ilm" {
  name = "my_ilm_policy"

  hot {
    min_age = "1h"
    set_priority {
      priority = 10
    }
    rollover {
      max_age = "1d"
    }
    readonly {}
  }

  delete {
    min_age = "2d"
    delete {}
  }
}

// First we must have a index template created
resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_index_template" "my_data_stream_template" {
  name = "my_data_stream"

  index_patterns = ["my-stream*"]

  template {
    // make sure our template uses prepared ILM policy
    settings = jsonencode({
      "lifecycle.name" = elasticstack_elasticsearch_index_lifecycle.my_ilm.name
    })
  }

  data_stream {}
}

// and now we can create data stream based on the index template
resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_data_stream" "my_data_stream" {
  name = "my-stream"

  // make sure that template is created before the data stream
  depends_on = [
    elasticstack_elasticsearch_index_template.my_data_stream_template
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the data stream to create.

### Optional

- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to establish connection to Elasticsearch server. Overrides environment variables if present. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))

### Read-Only

- `generation` (Number) Current generation for the data stream.
- `hidden` (Boolean) If `true`, the data stream is hidden.
- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource
- `ilm_policy` (String) Name of the current ILM lifecycle policy in the stream’s matching index template.
- `indices` (List of Object) Array of objects containing information about the data stream’s backing indices. The last item in this array contains information about the stream’s current write index. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--indices))
- `metadata` (String) Custom metadata for the stream, copied from the _meta object of the stream’s matching index template.
- `replicated` (Boolean) If `true`, the data stream is created and managed by cross-cluster replication and the local cluster can not write into this data stream or change its mappings.
- `status` (String) Health status of the data stream.
- `system` (Boolean) If `true`, the data stream is created and managed by an Elastic stack component and cannot be modified through normal user interaction.
- `template` (String) Name of the index template used to create the data stream’s backing indices.
- `timestamp_field` (String) Contains information about the data stream’s @timestamp field.

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints the Terraform provider will point to. They must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) A password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) A username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.


<a id="nestedatt--indices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `indices`

Read-Only:

- `index_name` (String)
- `index_uuid` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import elasticstack_elasticsearch_data_stream.my_data_stream <cluster_uuid>/<data_stream_name>
```
