---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_elasticsearch_enrich_policy Resource - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Enrich"
description: |-
  Managing Elasticsearch enrich policies. See the enrich API documentation https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/enrich-apis.html for more details.
---

# elasticstack_elasticsearch_enrich_policy (Resource)

Managing Elasticsearch enrich policies. See the [enrich API documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/enrich-apis.html) for more details.
## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_index" "my_index" {
  name = "my-index"

  mappings = jsonencode({
    properties = {
      email      = { type = "text" }
      first_name = { type = "text" }
      last_name  = { type = "text" }
    }
  })
  deletion_protection = false
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_enrich_policy" "policy1" {
  name          = "policy1"
  policy_type   = "match"
  indices       = [elasticstack_elasticsearch_index.my_index.name]
  match_field   = "email"
  enrich_fields = ["first_name", "last_name"]
  query = jsonencode({
    bool = {
      must     = [{ term = { b = "A" } }]
      must_not = [{ term = { a = "B" } }]
    }
  })
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enrich_fields` (Set of String) Fields to add to matching incoming documents. These fields must be present in the source indices.
- `indices` (Set of String) Array of one or more source indices used to create the enrich index.
- `match_field` (String) Field in source indices used to match incoming documents.
- `name` (String) Name of the enrich policy to manage.
- `policy_type` (String) The type of enrich policy, can be one of geo_match, match, range.

### Optional

- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List) Elasticsearch connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))
- `execute` (Boolean) Whether to call the execute API function in order to create the enrich index.
- `query` (String) Query used to filter documents in the enrich index. The policy only uses documents matching this query to enrich incoming documents. Defaults to a match_all query.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_fingerprint` (String) SHA-256 hex fingerprint (64 hexadecimal characters, no colons or separators) of the server TLS certificate used to pin the connection instead of a full CA chain
- `cert_data` (String) PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `cert_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `es_client_authentication` (String, Sensitive) ES Client Authentication field to be used with the JWT token
- `headers` (Map of String, Sensitive) A list of headers to be sent with each request to Elasticsearch.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `key_data` (String, Sensitive) PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `key_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# NOTE: while importing index resource, keep in mind, that some of the default index settings will be imported into the TF state too
# You can later adjust the index configuration to account for those imported settings
terraform import elasticstack_elasticsearch_enrich_policy.policy1 <cluster_uuid>/<policy_name>
```
