---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_elasticsearch_script Resource - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Elasticsearch"
description: |-
  Creates or updates a stored script or search template. See the create stored script API documentation https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/create-stored-script-api.html for more details.
---

# elasticstack_elasticsearch_script (Resource)

Creates or updates a stored script or search template. See the [create stored script API documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/create-stored-script-api.html) for more details.
## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_script" "my_script" {
  script_id = "my_script"
  lang      = "painless"
  source    = "Math.log(_score * 2) + params['my_modifier']"
  context   = "score"
}

resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_script" "my_search_template" {
  script_id = "my_search_template"
  lang      = "mustache"
  source = jsonencode({
    query = {
      match = {
        message = "{{query_string}}"
      }
    }
    from = "{{from}}"
    size = "{{size}}"
  })
  params = jsonencode({
    query_string = "My query string"
  })
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `lang` (String) Script language. For search templates, use `mustache`.
- `script_id` (String) Identifier for the stored script. Must be unique within the cluster.
- `source` (String) For scripts, a string containing the script. For search templates, an object containing the search template.

### Optional

- `context` (String) Context in which the script or search template should run.
- `elasticsearch_connection` (Block List) Elasticsearch connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection))
- `params` (String) Parameters for the script or search template.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource

<a id="nestedblock--elasticsearch_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elasticsearch_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Elasticsearch
- `ca_data` (String) PEM-encoded custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_file` (String) Path to a custom Certificate Authority certificate
- `ca_fingerprint` (String) SHA-256 hex fingerprint of the server TLS certificate used to pin the connection instead of a full CA chain
- `cert_data` (String) PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `cert_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded certificate for client auth
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `es_client_authentication` (String, Sensitive) ES Client Authentication field to be used with the JWT token
- `headers` (Map of String, Sensitive) A list of headers to be sent with each request to Elasticsearch.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `key_data` (String, Sensitive) PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `key_file` (String) Path to a file containing the PEM encoded private key for client auth
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Elasticsearch.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import elasticstack_elasticsearch_script.my_script <cluster_uuid>/<script id>
```
