---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_fleet_proxy Resource - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Fleet"
description: |-
  Manages Fleet proxies. See the Fleet Proxies API documentation https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/group/endpoint-fleet-proxies for more information.
---

# elasticstack_fleet_proxy (Resource)

Manages Fleet proxies. See the [Fleet Proxies API documentation](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/group/endpoint-fleet-proxies) for more information.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  kibana {}
}

resource "elasticstack_fleet_proxy" "example" {
  name = "My Proxy"
  url  = "https://proxy.example.com:3128"

  certificate             = "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----\n..."
  certificate_key         = "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\n..."
  certificate_authorities = "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----\n..."

  proxy_headers = {
    "X-Custom-Header" = "my-value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The proxy name.
- `url` (String) The proxy URL.

### Optional

- `certificate` (String) The proxy certificate.
- `certificate_authorities` (String) The proxy certificate authorities.
- `certificate_key` (String, Sensitive) The proxy certificate key.
- `kibana_connection` (Block List) Kibana connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kibana_connection))
- `proxy_headers` (Map of String) Additional headers to send to the proxy during CONNECT requests.
- `proxy_id` (String) The proxy ID.
- `space_id` (String) An identifier for the space. If not provided, the default space is used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The composite ID of the proxy: `<space_id>/<proxy_id>`.
- `is_preconfigured` (Boolean) Whether the proxy is preconfigured.

<a id="nestedblock--kibana_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Kibana
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Kibana
- `ca_certs` (List of String) A list of paths to CA certificates to validate the certificate presented by the Kibana server.
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A comma-separated list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Kibana.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Kibana.
