---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_fleet_agent_download_source Resource - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Fleet"
description: |-
  Creates a new Fleet Agent Binary Download Source.
---

# elasticstack_fleet_agent_download_source (Resource)

Creates a new Fleet Agent Binary Download Source.
## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  kibana {}
}

resource "elasticstack_fleet_agent_download_source" "example" {
  name    = "Agent Download Source example"
  host    = "https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/elastic-agent"
  default = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The base URL from which Elastic Agents will download binaries.
- `name` (String) The name of the Fleet agent download source.

### Optional

- `default` (Boolean) Set this download source as the default for agents.
- `kibana_connection` (Block List) Kibana connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kibana_connection))
- `proxy_id` (String) The ID of the proxy to use for this download source.
- `source_id` (String) Unique identifier of the Fleet agent download source.
- `space_ids` (Set of String) The Kibana space IDs where this download source is available. When set, the download source will be created and managed within the specified space. Note: The order of space IDs does not matter as this is a set.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--kibana_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Kibana
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Kibana
- `ca_certs` (List of String) A list of paths to CA certificates to validate the certificate presented by the Kibana server.
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A comma-separated list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Kibana.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Kibana.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
