---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_kibana_security_list_data_streams Resource - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Kibana"
description: |-
  Creates .lists and .items data streams in the relevant Kibana space. These data streams are required before you can start using security lists and exceptions that reference value lists.
  Before you can start working with exceptions that use value lists, you must create the .lists and .items data streams for the relevant Kibana space. Once these data streams are created, your role needs privileges to manage rules.
---

# elasticstack_kibana_security_list_data_streams (Resource)

Creates `.lists` and `.items` data streams in the relevant Kibana space. These data streams are required before you can start using security lists and exceptions that reference value lists.

Before you can start working with exceptions that use value lists, you must create the `.lists` and `.items` data streams for the relevant Kibana space. Once these data streams are created, your role needs privileges to manage rules.
## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create list data streams in the default space
resource "elasticstack_kibana_security_list_data_streams" "default" {
}

# Create list data streams in a custom space
resource "elasticstack_kibana_security_list_data_streams" "custom" {
  space_id = "my-space"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `kibana_connection` (Block List) Kibana connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kibana_connection))
- `space_id` (String) An identifier for the space. If space_id is not provided, the default space is used.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the data streams in the format `{space_id}`.
- `list_index` (Boolean) Indicates whether the `.lists` data stream exists.
- `list_item_index` (Boolean) Indicates whether the `.items` data stream exists.

<a id="nestedblock--kibana_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Kibana
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Kibana
- `ca_certs` (List of String) A list of paths to CA certificates to validate the certificate presented by the Kibana server.
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A comma-separated list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Kibana.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Kibana.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
