---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_kibana_import_saved_objects Resource - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Imports saved objects from the referenced file
---

# elasticstack_kibana_import_saved_objects (Resource)

Imports saved objects from the referenced file



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file_contents` (String) The contents of the exported saved objects file.

### Optional

- `compatibility_mode` (Boolean) Applies various adjustments to the saved objects that are being imported to maintain compatibility between different Kibana versions. Use this option only if you encounter issues with imported saved objects.
- `create_new_copies` (Boolean) Creates copies of saved objects, regenerates each object ID, and resets the origin. When used, potential conflict errors are avoided.
- `ignore_import_errors` (Boolean) If set to true, errors during the import process will not fail the configuration application
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Overwrites saved objects when they already exist. When used, potential conflict errors are automatically resolved by overwriting the destination object.
- `space_id` (String) An identifier for the space. If space_id is not provided, the default space is used.

### Read-Only

- `errors` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--errors))
- `id` (String) Generated ID for the import.
- `success` (Boolean) Indicates when the import was successfully completed. When set to false, some objects may not have been created. For additional information, refer to the errors and success_results properties.
- `success_count` (Number) Indicates the number of successfully imported records.
- `success_results` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--success_results))

<a id="nestedatt--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `errors`

Read-Only:

- `error` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--errors--error))
- `id` (String)
- `meta` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--errors--meta))
- `title` (String)
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--errors--error"></a>
### Nested Schema for `errors.error`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--errors--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `errors.meta`

Read-Only:

- `icon` (String)
- `title` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--success_results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `success_results`

Read-Only:

- `destination_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `meta` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--success_results--meta))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--success_results--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `success_results.meta`

Read-Only:

- `icon` (String)
- `title` (String)
