---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_kibana_install_prebuilt_rules Resource - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Kibana"
description: |-
  Manages Elastic prebuilt detection rules. This resource installs and updates Elastic prebuilt rules and timelines. See https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/prebuilt-rules.html
---

# elasticstack_kibana_install_prebuilt_rules (Resource)

Manages Elastic prebuilt detection rules. This resource installs and updates Elastic prebuilt rules and timelines. See https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/prebuilt-rules.html
## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  kibana {}
}


resource "elasticstack_kibana_install_prebuilt_rules" "example" {
  space_id = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `kibana_connection` (Block List) Kibana connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kibana_connection))
- `space_id` (String) An identifier for the space. If space_id is not provided, the default space is used.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `rules_installed` (Number) Number of prebuilt rules that are installed.
- `rules_not_installed` (Number) Number of prebuilt rules that are not installed.
- `rules_not_updated` (Number) Number of prebuilt rules that have updates available.
- `timelines_installed` (Number) Number of prebuilt timelines that are installed.
- `timelines_not_installed` (Number) Number of prebuilt timelines that are not installed.
- `timelines_not_updated` (Number) Number of prebuilt timelines that have updates available.

<a id="nestedblock--kibana_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Kibana
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Kibana
- `ca_certs` (List of String) A list of paths to CA certificates to validate the certificate presented by the Kibana server.
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A comma-separated list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Kibana.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Kibana.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
