---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_kibana_default_data_view Resource - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: "Kibana"
description: |-
  Manages the default Kibana data view. See the Kibana Data Views API documentation https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/v8/operation/operation-setdefaultdatailviewdefault for more information.
---

# elasticstack_kibana_default_data_view (Resource)

Manages the default Kibana data view. See the [Kibana Data Views API documentation](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/v8/operation/operation-setdefaultdatailviewdefault) for more information.
## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_index" "my_index" {
  name                = "my-index-000001"
  deletion_protection = false
}

resource "elasticstack_kibana_data_view" "my_data_view" {
  data_view = {
    title = "my-index-*"
    name  = "My Index Data View"
  }

  depends_on = [elasticstack_elasticsearch_index.my_index]
}

resource "elasticstack_kibana_default_data_view" "default" {
  data_view_id = elasticstack_kibana_data_view.my_data_view.data_view.id
  force        = true
  skip_delete  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `data_view_id` (String) The data view identifier to set as default. NOTE: The API does not validate whether it is a valid identifier. Leave this unset (or explicitly `null`) to unset the default data view.
- `force` (Boolean) Update an existing default data view identifier. If set to false and a default data view already exists, the operation will fail.
- `kibana_connection` (Block List) Kibana connection configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kibana_connection))
- `skip_delete` (Boolean) If set to true, the default data view will not be unset when the resource is destroyed. The existing default data view will remain unchanged.
- `space_id` (String) The Kibana space ID to set the default data view in. Defaults to `default`.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal identifier of the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--kibana_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kibana_connection`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key to use for authentication to Kibana
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer Token to use for authentication to Kibana
- `ca_certs` (List of String) A list of paths to CA certificates to validate the certificate presented by the Kibana server.
- `endpoints` (List of String, Sensitive) A comma-separated list of endpoints where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable TLS certificate validation
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to use for API authentication to Kibana.
- `username` (String) Username to use for API authentication to Kibana.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
