---
subcategory: "Kibana"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_kibana_maintenance_window Resource"
description: |-
  Manages Kibana maintenance windows.
---

# Resource: elasticstack_kibana_maintenance_window

Creates and manages Kibana [maintenance windows](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/group/endpoint-maintenance-window)

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
  kibana {}
}

resource "elasticstack_kibana_maintenance_window" "my_maintenance_window" {
  title   = "UPDATE TEST"
  enabled = true

  custom_schedule = {
    start    = "1993-01-01T05:00:00.200Z"
    duration = "12d"

    recurring = {
      every        = "21d"
      on_week_day  = ["MO", "+3TU", "-2FR"]
      on_month_day = [1, 2, 4, 6, 7]
      on_month     = [12]
    }
  }

  scope = {
    alerting = {
      kql = "_id: '1234'"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `custom_schedule` (Attributes) A set schedule over which the maintenance window applies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_schedule))
- `title` (String) The name of the maintenance window.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the current maintenance window is enabled.
- `scope` (Attributes) An object that narrows the scope of what is affected by this maintenance window. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope))
- `space_id` (String) An identifier for the space. If space_id is not provided, the default space is used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Generated ID for the maintenance window.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_schedule`

Required:

- `duration` (String) The duration of the schedule. It allows values in `<integer><unit>` format. `<unit>` is one of `d`, `h`, `m`, or `s` for hours, minutes, seconds. For example: `1d`, `5h`, `30m`, `5000s`.
- `recurring` (Attributes) A set schedule over which the maintenance window applies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_schedule--recurring))
- `start` (String) The start date and time of the schedule, provided in ISO 8601 format and set to the UTC timezone. For example: `2025-03-12T12:00:00.000Z`.

Optional:

- `timezone` (String) The timezone of the schedule. The default timezone is UTC.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_schedule--recurring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_schedule.recurring`

Optional:

- `end` (String) The end date and time of the schedule, provided in ISO 8601 format and set to the UTC timezone. For example: `2025-03-12T12:00:00.000Z`.
- `every` (String) The duration of the schedule. It allows values in `<integer><unit>` format. `<unit>` is one of `d`, `h`, `m`, or `s` for hours, minutes, seconds. For example: `1d`, `5h`, `30m`, `5000s`.
- `occurrences` (Number) The total number of recurrences of the schedule.
- `on_month` (List of Number) The specific months for a recurring schedule. Valid values are 1-12.
- `on_month_day` (List of Number) The specific days of the month for a recurring schedule. Valid values are 1-31.
- `on_week_day` (List of String) The specific days of the week (`[MO,TU,WE,TH,FR,SA,SU]`) or nth day of month (`[+1MO, -3FR, +2WE, -4SA, -5SU]`) for a recurring schedule.



<a id="nestedatt--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Required:

- `alerting` (Attributes) A set schedule over which the maintenance window applies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope--alerting))

<a id="nestedatt--scope--alerting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.alerting`

Required:

- `kql` (String) A filter written in Kibana Query Language (KQL).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import elasticstack_kibana_maintenance_window.my_maintenance_window <space id>/<maintenance window id>
```
