---
subcategory: "Kibana"
layout: ""
page_title: "Elasticstack: elasticstack_kibana_data_view Resource"
description: |-
  Manages Kibana data views.
---

# Resource: elasticstack_kibana_data_view

Creates and manages Kibana [data views](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/data-views-api.html)

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "elasticstack" {
  elasticsearch {}
  kibana {}
}

resource "elasticstack_kibana_data_view" "my_data_view" {
  data_view = {
    name            = "logs-*"
    title           = "logs-*"
    time_field_name = "@timestamp"
    namespaces      = ["backend"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_view` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_view))

### Optional

- `override` (Boolean) Overrides an existing data view if a data view with the provided title already exists.
- `space_id` (String) An identifier for the space. If space_id is not provided, the default space is used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Generated ID for the data view.

<a id="nestedatt--data_view"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_view`

Required:

- `title` (String) Comma-separated list of data streams, indices, and aliases that you want to search. Supports wildcards (*).

Optional:

- `allow_no_index` (Boolean) Allows the Data view saved object to exist before the data is available.
- `field_attrs` (Attributes Map) Map of field attributes by field name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_view--field_attrs))
- `field_formats` (Attributes Map) Map of field formats by field name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_view--field_formats))
- `id` (String) Saved object ID.
- `name` (String) The Data view name.
- `namespaces` (List of String) Array of space IDs for sharing the Data view between multiple spaces.
- `runtime_field_map` (Attributes Map) Map of runtime field definitions by field name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_view--runtime_field_map))
- `source_filters` (List of String) List of field names you want to filter out in Discover.
- `time_field_name` (String) Timestamp field name, which you use for time-based Data views.

<a id="nestedatt--data_view--field_attrs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_view.field_attrs`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) Popularity count for the field.
- `custom_label` (String) Custom label for the field.


<a id="nestedatt--data_view--field_formats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_view.field_formats`

Required:

- `id` (String)

Optional:

- `params` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_view--field_formats--params))

<a id="nestedatt--data_view--field_formats--params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_view.field_formats.params`

Optional:

- `labeltemplate` (String)
- `pattern` (String)
- `urltemplate` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--data_view--runtime_field_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_view.runtime_field_map`

Required:

- `script_source` (String) Script of the runtime field.
- `type` (String) Mapping type of the runtime field. For more information, check [Field data types](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/8.11/mapping-types.html).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import elasticstack_kibana_data_view.my_data_view <space id>/<data view id>
```
